feat(rds): Aurora clusters from snapshots (#17759)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-rds/README.md

Learn more about using Amazon Aurora Serverless by reading the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/aurora-serverless.html)

> Use `DatabaseClusterFromSnapshot` to create a cluster from a snapshot:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `DatabaseClusterFromSnapshot` to create a serverless cluster from a snapshot:
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use `ServerlessClusterFromSnapshot` to create a serverless cluster from a snapshot:
```
